[Music]
10 great riddles that'll make you think
differently
[Applause]
most people think using a standard
thinking pattern
and this makes it difficult for them to
see any other solution than the obvious
one
but some people think more creatively
because they've developed lateral
thinking skills
let's check how good your logic is these
riddles will rack your brain over
before you finally see the way out
number one the man in the bar a man
walks into a bar and asks the bartender
to give him a glass of water
the bartender starts to look for
something under the bar
all of a sudden he brings out a gun and
points it at the man the man says
thank you and leaves i'll give you 15
seconds
take your time to figure out the answer
[Music]
ready for the answer the man had hiccups
and the bartender decided to scare the
hiccups away
instead of giving him water
[Music]
number 2 anthony and cleopatra
anthony and cleopatra are found dead on
the floor of a villa in egypt
there are pieces of broken glass nearby
the only witness
is a dog they were not poisoned and
there were no marks on their bodies
how did they die here are your 15
seconds
make yourself comfortable and try to
think outside the box
[Music]
ready there here's the answer
anthony and cleopatra were two goldfish
whose tank was broken by the dog
number three the coal the carrot and the
hat
five pieces of coal a carrot and a hat
are lying on the lawn of a garden nobody
put them there
but there is a logical reason why they
are there
what is it
the answer is simple they were parts of
a snowman that melted
number four the man and the car
a man pushes his car he stops in front
of a hotel
and at this very moment he goes bankrupt
why 15 seconds are all yours
have you solved it sure you have the man
is playing monopoly
[Music]
number five who is the killer a man was
killed in his office
before dying the victim managed to pull
out the knife from his abdomen
nail it to a calendar and write 6 4 9
10 11 with his blood the suspects
are sophie jason nick
julie and paul who is the killer
this riddle is a tricky one so people
usually need at least 20 seconds to
solve it take your time
no rush you can pause the video to have
more time to think
[Music]
ready for the answer the killer is jason
the numbers represent the starting
letter of the month they stand for in a
calendar
6 june 4 april
9 september 10 october
11 november
[Music]
number 6 trouble with sons this one is
straightforward
a woman gave birth to two sons who were
born in the same hour of the same day of
the same year
but they were not twins how could this
be
take 15 seconds to think
the answer is obvious they were not
twins but
triplets
[Music]
number seven three doors there are three
doors
here's a killer here's a lion starved
for a year and here's a fire which door
should you choose to survive
15 seconds should be enough to figure
out the answer
ready to stretch your brain go
[Music]
here's the answer a lion wouldn't
survive even a month without food
so you should choose the second door
number eight the numbers which principle
is this sequence based on this riddle
isn't easy at
all right so make yourself comfortable
and focus on the numbers
for 15 seconds
[Music]
honestly it took us years to understand
the principle
the numbers are lined up according to
their names alphabetical order
8 5 4 9
etc
[Music]
number 9 three lines join all the dots
with only three lines i'll give you 15
seconds again
take your time and have a closer look at
the picture
[Music]
are you ready now i'm going to show you
the answer
yes that was easy
finally the last one number 10 who
killed
mr james it was a sunday afternoon when
mr james was found dead outside his
mansion
buried under the snow on noticing him
the gardener
informed james wife the wife immediately
called the police
the police questioned everybody and got
these alibis
the gardener had been building a snowman
and removing snow off the flowers
the maid had been making the bed the sun
had been having a hot
shower the cook had been making
breakfast
the wife had been reading a book while
waiting for her breakfast
the sister had been sitting near the
fireplace
later that day two of them got arrested
who were they 20 seconds should be
enough for this tricky riddle
[Music]
so
ready there so who got arrested the wife
and the cook why well who makes
breakfast in the afternoon
have you managed to solve all the
riddles share your experience in the
comments
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video share it with your
friends
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]